Add troubleshooting guide for cluster token (#81)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/installation.md

- Check that your DHCP server offers a default route option. Attaching content from `/run/cos/target/rke2.log` is helpful too.

## Modifying cluster token on agent nodes

> For agent nodes to join a cluster, they must have a cluster token identical to the one set up by the
> server node. To see whether nodes are unable to join a cluster is caused by unmatched token,
> SSH into the agent nodes and check the log of `rancherd` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an agent node fails to join the cluster, it can be related to the cluster token not being identical to the server node token.
In order to confirm the issue, connect to your agent node (i.e. with SSH) and check the `rancherd` service log with the following command:
```

```bash
$ sudo journalctl -b -u rancherd
```

> If you see repeated log messages like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the cluster token setup in the agent node is not matching the server node token, you will find several entries of the following message:
```

```
...
msg="Bootstrapping Rancher (master-head/v1.21.5+rke2r1)"
msg="failed to bootstrap system, will retry: generating plan: insecure cacerts download from https://192.168.122.115:8443/cacerts: Get \"https://192.168.122.115:8443/cacerts\": EOF"
...
```

> You may have an incorrect token. To update it, edit the line `token: <YourToken>`
> of `/etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml`. For example, if the correct token is
> `ThisIsTheCorrectOne`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix the issue, you need to update the token value in the `rancherd` configuration file `/etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml`.

For example, if the cluster token setup in the server node is `ThisIsTheCorrectOne`, you will update the token value as follow:
```

```yaml
...
token: 'ThisIsTheCorrectOne'
...
```

> If you are not sure what the current token is, SSH into the server node and enter the
> following command to show it:
> ```bash
> $ sudo yq e .token /etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    To see what is the current cluster token value, log in your server node (i.e. with SSH) and look in the file `/etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml`. For example, you can run the following command to only display the token's value:
    ```bash
    $ sudo yq -e .token /etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml
    ```
```

Author: Rephrased. However, for the `yq` command the flag `-e` has a different meaning from `e`. I've replaced it with `eval` to increase readability:
```bash
$ sudo yq eval .token /etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml
```

```bash
$ sudo journalctl -b -u rancherd
```

If the cluster token setup in the agent node is not matching the server node token, you will find several entries of the following message:

```
...
msg="Bootstrapping Rancher (master-head/v1.21.5+rke2r1)"
msg="failed to bootstrap system, will retry: generating plan: insecure cacerts download from https://192.168.122.115:8443/cacerts: Get \"https://192.168.122.115:8443/cacerts\": EOF"
...
```

To fix the issue, you need to update the token value in the `rancherd` configuration file `/etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml`.

For example, if the cluster token setup in the server node is `ThisIsTheCorrectOne`, you will update the token value as follow:

```yaml
...
token: 'ThisIsTheCorrectOne'
...
```

To ensure the change is persistent across reboots, update the `token` value of the OS configuration file `/oem/99_custom.yaml`:

```yaml
name: Harvester Configuration
stages:
  ...
  initramfs:
  - commands:
    - rm -f /etc/sysconfig/network/ifroute-harvester-mgmt
    files:
    - path: /etc/rancher/rancherd/config.yaml
      permissions: 384
      owner: 0
      group: 0
      content: |
        role: cluster-init

>         token: 'ThisIsTheCorrectOne' <- Update this value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        token: 'ThisIsTheCorrectOne' # <- Update this value
```

Reviewer: set the indication as a comment, just in case someone copy pasts the whole code and forgets to delete the message.
